Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes.
Our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four 94. In this
episode, Scott talks with Rachel Reese
from jet.com about how jet
uses F sharp Azure and
other technologies to scale. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes on today's show. I've
got Rachel Reese who is an
F sharp developer@jet.com. How are
you? I'm doing fabulous. How
are you, Scott? Lovely. I'm
happy to be talking to
you about this because I,
I tweeted an article about
jet using F sharp and
pushing some pretty amazing scale.
And the, the tweets were
like, I got like 150
retweets. Like people are interested
in this topic and what
you all are doing at
jet. We're doing some totally
amazing things. So I am
glad to see that we're
getting some attention. I'm proud.
I appreciate that. What is,
so what, give me the
elevator speech on what, what
is jet and what does
jet do? A jet.com is
going up against Amazon. We're
an eCommerce site. We are
promising prices of 10 to
15, even up to 20%
below Amazon's prices. We're working
on sort of a club
model. You will have to
pay a fee, sort of
like an Amazon prime membership
fee, maybe a Costco subscription
fee, something like that. It'll
be 49 99 a year.
That will give you access
to the site and all
of our amazing cheap prices.
Unlike Costco has one point
you won't have to buy
in bulk. It'll be the
same regular items that you
would be able to get
on Amazon. Oh, okay. So
you all buy in bulk
and we, we benefit. We
don't necessarily buy in bulk.
I mean, we will buy
some things in bulk, but
we are cheap. Somehow we
have magic. We have lots
of magic algorithms, but we're
basically taking every single place
that we can cut costs
and passing those on directly
to the consumer. We're making
zero money on anything except
the actual subscription fee. Oh,
that's good to know. So
any, like, as you check
out, if you are adding
items to your cart that
are from the same retailer,
we can give you a
percentage off because we know
that we can ship those
altogether in a box. They're
coming from the same place.
It'll be easier and faster
to ship. We give you
1.5% off. If you play
with the debit card instead
of a credit card, we'll
give you, you know, up
to a couple dollars off.
If you waive your right
to return something, there's all
sorts of little places where
we're cutting those costs down
Is algorithmic. Like this is
they're not to put too
fine a point on it,
right? But like, you know,
there's only so many ways
cost can be cut, but
this is the magic of
software. You are figuring out
those pennies and half pennies
and all the different potential
ways. Like you just said,
putting things in the same
box, saves money. Why not
pass that directly onto me,
as opposed to you taking
the cut for shipping it
in one box. Exactly. And
there's, you know, a hundred
different places where we can
save you a couple of
pennies, which adds up to
a couple of dollars. Then
you times that times my
weekly groceries and suddenly I'm
saving big money. And I
feel like I paid off
my, my membership fee immediately.
Yeah. And in fact, if
you don't save up to
49 99 a year, we
will refund the difference. Okay.
That's cool. All right. So
that's the, that's the elevator
speech. There's the advertisement for
lack of a better word
for jet, but the, the
dynamic pricing system and the
algorithms and stuff, what powers
jet and the, the systems
like what's your technology stack
look like? Oh, We are,
we're using all sorts of
things. We are using F
sharp. We are using Azure.
We are using microservices. We
are using Reddit and Kafka
and That's a pub sub
system. Right. So Brooke Revis,
I know is an in
memory database. And Kafka is
the distributed log that you
use as a cue. You're
an F sharp expert. Yes.
I don't know about expert,
but sure. But, but you,
I knew you as being
a dotnet person. When did
you jump ship into F
sharp? Oh gosh. I first
heard of F sharp in
2010. I don't remember exactly
where when, but somebody said
you like math, so clearly
you'll like this thing I
saw them. I was like,
yeah. It was like, I
don't really know how to
read that, but sure. I
guess I'll, I'll look at
it. And I, I dawdled
for a couple years and
I started toying with it
a little bit solving the
project, oiler problems. I was
a math major. Yes. I
don't know that that actually
has anything to do with
why I love F sharp,
but Hmm. I think it
does have something to do
with why you do project
or other things in your
spare time. That that would
explain a lot. Yes. But
it's, you know, I started
basically just toying around with
it. You know, I, I
didn't do much beyond that
until I had moved to
Vermont in, I guess, 2012
ish. And I heard about
a conference in New York solely
on F sharp. It was
the skills matter, progressive F
sharp tutorials. It was the
first year that we were
running it. It was the
first all left sharp conference
in the whole U S
and I thought, this sounds
really cool. This is my
chance to really understand this
technology. See if this is
something I really want to
be involved in. And so
I bought a ticket. It
was, I bought a super
early bird ticket. It was
like 50 bucks at the
time and went down for
the weekend and to this
conference. And they had two
tracks, a beginner track of
it was all tutorials. And
there was a beginner track
of, you know, I've never
even looked at the language
and then an advanced track.
And I looked at the
first day of the beginner
track and it was man,
this guy, Chris Merinos had
written a group of F
sharp koans. I know that
Ruby has the same thing.
I don't know if C-sharp
or other languages do, but
it's basically a huge set
of failing tests that to
get you familiar with the
syntax of a language, you
just basically go through and
make work. Right. A Cohen
is like a Zen thing.
It's a, it's a, a
story to go through in
order to learn. Ah, okay.
Thank you. So they usually
cuddle they're usually we think
of Zen koans and there's
like, they're numbered Zen koans
they're parables. Okay. I have,
I've wondered this for ages
and have not gotten around
to actually looking it up.
Well, it's like, it's the
motion that you go through
if you've ever done like
martial arts. Like, if you
do like TaeKwonDo, you have
to learn this form. So
We'll do that same thing
over and over again, to
learn exactly the appropriate form.
Yeah. Yeah. Except you do
it in F sharp or
C-sharp and, and then you
do Ruby, Ruby koans or
of sharp. So there's F
sharp koans and that's how
you learn. And that's. Well,
that was what they were
doing is one of the
things, the first things that
day as the beginner group,
and I thought, well, I've
already done those. So I
don't know that I'm advanced,
but I'm going to go
sit in the advanced group
to figure out, you know,
at least do something different.
And the advanced group happened
to be a man named
Keith Petacci, who was partnering
with Don Syme and they
were talking about type providers.
And it was this totally
brand new thing that year.
I don't think they were
even officially out yet. It
was just these type provider
things are coming. And we're
going to tell you how
amazing they are. And so
what type providers actually are,
are a, you know, a
way to access data of
any sort. I think that
schema out on the internet,
you can access SQL server.
There's one for CSV. There's,
you know, many, many different
ones of these. I have
a slide that shows like
40 different type providers that
are in existence. Right. And
as they talked, I just
thought, this is the coolest
thing I've even never heard
about. I can't believe that
the whole world doesn't know
that type providers exist and
why, you know, I need
to make this happen. And
that was, that was sort
of my defining moment was
listening to these two guys,
talk about type providers Type
providers was like the feature.
Like it was such an
attractive thing. You're like, this
is where I need to
be. You found your tribe.
Exactly. Exactly. Very cool. So
you find your tribe and
then somehow you're, you start
moving into F sharp and
you spend a couple of
years as an F sharp
person, jet comes along, you
move to New Jersey, yada yada
yada realtime pricing. Yes, exactly.
And F sharp. I hear
about F sharp in the
context of finance a lot.
Why is that? I think
if I understand the history
correctly, it was billed as
a, you know, this is
good for math and therefore
this is good for finance
and science at the beginning.
And it does shine for
those things, but it's not
like you can't do anything
else with it. Right, right.
It's just, that's the thing
that it's really, it's really
good at because like what
you're doing with it, with
the dynamic pricing and algorithms,
it's very algorithm focused, right.
And algorithms need to be
provable and they needed to
be well expressed. Is it
just easier to express things
like that and F sharp
than it? Isn't C-sharp I
would say yes. I would
say it's easier to express
many things. And to be
fair, we started with our
pricing engine in C-sharp and
then ended up actually moving
on from there, because it
was so expressive. It, you
know, we had less code,
fewer bugs, all of that
got yada, yada, that you
hear all the time we
really found to be true.
And we ended up moving,
basically everything that we can
do, except for the actual,
you know, our front end,
where we have some JavaScript,
we have some angular, you
can't get away from that,
but literally everywhere else in
our code is F sharp.
Wow. Okay. So the, the,
the homepage, if I hit
jet.com, that's asp.net, or what
is that running? It's not
going to be SP of
that net. I know that
it's, it's using some angular,
it's using some node actually.
Hmm. It seems like more
and more startups are picking
hybrid solutions, like two, four
for a startup to do
something. And just one technology
now in 2015, just isn't
common anymore. Is it? I
would totally agree with that.
We, we are not classified
as either a Microsoft shop
or an opensource shop, and
we like to blend as
much of everything as we
can. Well, maybe not as
can get in, but, Well,
it sounds a little bit
like stack overflow, like sometimes
people point to stack overflow
as an example of a
good Microsoft startup, but I
don't think that's fair because
they pick the technology that
works and they've got red
heads and they've got a,
you know, engine X around
there. They've got all sorts
of stuff. And I assume
that you all are the
same. So you picked F
sharp for the analytics because
you felt that it was
the right decision. Yes. And
then obviously as we moved
on, we picked it for
our, you know, our microservices
and basically our entire backend.
Okay. So the whole backend
is F sharp. Oh, absolutely.
Everything except, you know, the
actual, you know, the JavaScript
that's on the front end,
literally everything else is at
sharp. So is, was that
a tough thing to sell
because, you know, F sharp,
it doesn't have the, the,
the brand recognition for lack
of a better word that
C sharp is. So was
there some boss at some
point who's like, I don't
know what this thing, what
is, what are they getting
us into? Yes, actually. So
I just recently found out
our, our CTO was at
that same progress, sharp tutorials
in 2012, or whenever that
was, and had, you know,
started hearing about F sharp
at that same time and
thought, this is really cool
and decided at that point
to build the pricing engine
like that, that seems like
a good fit because all
this finance and, and all
the science would be a
perfect thing for, for F
sharp. And he hired a
few devs to start working
on this. And we weren't
sure if we wanted to
build the rest of the
site, everything else in C
sharp or graphs or F
sharp. So we actually had
two solutions to start. We
were building them completely simultaneously
getting as many features in
as we could, the very,
very early days of, of
jet. And as we moved
further along, it, it just
became clear that the F
sharp solution was, was working
a lot better. It, as
new people were hired, it
was easier for them to
step up and join in
and make sense of the
F sharp solution, even as
C sharp developers. Really? Yeah,
because it was, it was
just that much cleaner. It
was. I mean, there was
some syntechs to get over
and some ideas to form,
but there were, there's a
great blog post by a
man named Scott , who
does, and has a website
called F sharp for fun
and profit. He shows a
bunch of dependency, graphs of
different F sharp and C
sharp projects. And he compares
specifically ticks back with, I
don't recall the other one,
but one is the upshot
project and what is a
very close equivalent C-sharp project.
And the F short project
has maybe 30 or 40
dependencies. It's, it's a very
small chart. Whereas the C-sharp
one has about 200, maybe
300, maybe more. You can
actually like, you have to
look really close on the
slide to see all of
the dependencies. And it's, that
was sort of what we
had found when, when we're
looking at the, the F
sharp solution, the code is
that much more powerful that
there's, and there is less
of it that it's easier
to keep all of that
in your brain at once.
Ah, someone was telling me
just a couple of days
ago that it was actually
a reporter who was doing
an article and wanted to
know if it's true, that
programmers who can keep the
whole program in their brain
at once are better than
programmers who can't. And I
thought that was a, I'd
never heard that before. I
thought that was unusual. And
then I started thinking about
it and I thought, well,
this might be why we
like to have our functions,
not scroll, right? Like if
you have to scroll, it's
too much, cause you need
to hold it in your
brain at once. And you're
saying that like, let me
give you this example and
tell me if this works,
we have 140 characters on
Twitter, but the Chinese get
140 glyphs. They get to
say way more. They can
like write a book in
a tweet while we're struggling
to make things fit. Is
F sharp kind of like
that. That's actually not a
bad analogy. It's it is
sort of, you know, where
it's, I guess, because that,
you know, one function can
hold that much more information
in, in a smaller set
and being able to, so
here's another good example of
the code. Just actually being
smaller. If you think about
a very standard object hierarchy,
you might have your base
class and two or three
classes that would inherit from
it. Okay. And maybe some
of them take a few
different pieces of information. The,
the example that I usually
use is a transportation class,
along with like a bicycle
class and a car class
in F sharp, we have
in four different lines of
code. So, you know, heavy
use of that feature cuts
down massively on just sheer
numbers of files. And that
cuts down on being able
to, you know, having to
tab in, you know, look
at 10 different things when
you're trying to figure out
one function. It also visually
looks cleaner, I think because
of the lack of curly
braces and princesses, like if
you just kind of squint
your eyes and look at
it, there's less going on.
Yes. That and F sharp
has very powerful type inference.
So that types aren't all
listed out as well. And
especially some of the more
complicated ones when you're adding
funk types and they have,
you know, three or four
included things in there that
can be almost a whole
line of code just to,
to list the type, Like
the only thing that is
repeated a lot, like it's
an extremely dry language, a
dry means. Don't repeat yourself
for people who may not
know that the only thing
that's repeated always is the
word let like it's everywhere.
Yeah. Like if they could
get rid of that, they
would be really, really terse.
Hey folks, I wanted to
take a moment to tell
you about Reagan and their
new product called pulse. Reagan
is an error and crash
reporting software provider and their
new product pulse to realtime
user monitoring product. It gives
you performance data and user
insights. Lets you understand exactly
what's happening when users interact
with software. So you're never
left guessing. Reagan provides you
with the answers to your
performance questions and they've found
over 10 billion that's billion with
a B bugs and customer
apps with their crash reporting
product. And now Regan will
help you understand application quality.
Like no one else. Over
30,000 developers worldwide, can't be
wrong. I use Reagan and
all the time and I
enjoy it very much. You
can try it out today
with a no risk 30
day free trial start improving
your software quality immediately try
Reagan for free today@reagan.io. Now
what about these? I'm looking
at some F sharp code
right now and I'm seeing
this thing where it's like,
let something equals something and
then there's angle bracket, bang
and angle bracket star it's
it looks like a generic
with a bang in the
middle. Do you see that?
Yeah, I do. I have
literally no idea that might
be a custom operator. Oh,
it would be my first.
This is a really interesting
point. Then you it's almost
like I'm like, you know
how people like to use
Ruby for DSLs or domain
specific languages. Do people do
similar things in F sharp.
They make their own languages
Very much very that that
is a huge use of,
of F sharp. Interesting. So
when I'm reading F sharp,
how is it hard sometimes
like right now I just
showed you some code and
you're like, I don't know
what that is. Someone has
made their own, their own
thing. It can be. I
have definitely seen, seen posts
on, you know, trying not
to overuse custom operators. There
is a very specific time
and place for them. A
lot of the DSLs that
I've seen will not create
are better DSLs that I've
seen will not create their
own actual custom operators, but
use, you know, create a
word that would do the
same thing. Instead, I'm looking
here and it says that
this might be an applicant
funk tour. So there are
corners apparently in F sharp
that are really like powerful,
but also obscure. Yes. And
I, That was the sigh
of a person who has
not explored all corners of
the language. I feel like
that when I get into
Lincoln C-sharp Yeah, that was
that. That was also F
sharp has such a reputation
for being this scary, functional
language that dues complicated. Yeah,
exactly. Let's talk about that.
I mean, I just said
applicative funk tour for the
first time in my life.
And I've been doing this
for 25 years and I
have a degree that's really
challenging. Like, how do you,
is, is this why F
sharp isn't taking off from
a, a populist perspective, like
the regular Joe and Jane
developer out there don't know
what identity composition, a homo
morphism and interchange are. And
that's, that's something that, that
upsets me. Well, it just,
it, this is one of
the things that, yeah, that,
that frustrates me because don't
have to have any concept
of what any of these
things are to actually use
the language. It's like being
able to use the apps
on your phone. You don't
need to know how to
write one to do any
of this. And people will,
will start to learn about
these things, you know, about
monads and about factors. And
think this is really cool
and want to share this,
right? You sometimes end up
getting the impression that if
you don't know this, you
can't continue on and True.
I mean, I'm looking at
the blog post here, right?
And within the first two
sentences, the blog post, it
says readers of this blog
should have at least a
passing familiarity with applicative funk
tours. And then I click
on that. And then I,
this is literally a sentence
here. I have to share
this with you. This module
describes a structure intermediate between
a funk Turner monad, but
technically it's strong lax mono
idle funk tour. Right. At
that point, I'm like, okay,
where's the data grid. I'm
going to start dragging it.
Yeah. And that's, it's absolutely
not necessary. So talk to
me about that. Cause you,
you also train people in
F sharp. Yeah. So, well,
my first, I guess, counterpoint
to that is there's a
member of the F sharp
community, whose name is Sean.
He's a fairly new member
of the F sharp community,
but he gave a lightning
talk it at NDC Oslo
this past year. And I
think he spoke at one
of the DVDs in the
UK. And Sean is sharp.
He is knowledgeable on F
sharp is speaking on like
three D objects and web
GL and F sharp. And
I don't, I have, we'll
be honest. I have not
watched his lightning talk yet,
but I don't even understand
what that means. Like I
know it's about three D
objects, but that is, you
know, this eight year old
has figured out something more
complicated than, Well, I saw
that I, yes, this is
someone's son. I forgot the
gentleman's name. Yes, absolutely. Yeah.
And you know, if an
eight year old can do
this, then there's no reason
that anyone can't jump in
and figure it out, Perhaps
it's because functional languages like
Haskell were, were were, were
for people from a math
environment. And they were taught
in schools that it's done
in such a academic way.
Maybe there's an opportunity for
F sharp to become the
people's language. If it's presented
in a way that's more
accessible, I would love that.
And I think that's a
totally reasonable thing based on
my use. And the times
that I have trained people
in F sharp , I'm
looking let's translate it. Let's
change topics a little bit.
I'm looking@theblogpostthatwasdoneonjet.com called realtime pricing,
real time advertising and in
it, Louie, because who is
another employee at jet said
that it is safe to
say, we are pushing the.net
stack with F sharp to
places it's never been before.
People at Google are telling
us, they've never seen this
kind of volume. What are
you doing that is pushing
amounts of volume and taking.net
in new places? We are.
So we have an event
driven architecture. We are we're
streaming zillions of events constantly
all day long and managing
all of that. And we're
pushing not just Google, but
we're pushing Azure to its
limits as well. We have,
we found several different issues
that we've had had to
have the team come in
and fix it. I would
say that's definitely true for
both things. I know the
event driven is part of
it. There's, I mean, we've
been live a month now
and we have, I would
say more data than most
of the other places certainly
I have ever worked. So
it seems like, well, from
the point of view of
myself and my wife, you're
going to send us, you
know, soaps and things on
the backend. This is a
science company, and you're using
analytics to, to save us
money, Our CTO. And even
our CEO has said that
we are a technology company
at our heart. Hmm. And
this algorithm or these algorithms,
they're all tuned to find
these, these efficiencies and inefficiencies
in the supply chain. And
now if I understand correctly
though, this, this means that
prices of your things change.
And that's the essence of
what all the code is
F sharp is doing is
it's noticing this and changing
prices. And then is it
true that you have to
tell Google that the price
on facial cleanser just changed
at jet? Yes. Yes, it
is true. We need to,
and because these prices are
changing so frequently, we need
to tell Google this a
lot. And I would guess
that their backend is probably
not meant to get that
kind of information from you
as regularly as you would
want to send it, Not
at all. They are. They
were quite surprised at the
volume with which we're pushing
this, this information over. I
would think that you're almost
like DDoSing them with your
price changes. There were some
jokes about that on Twitter
after the, after Louis posted
this, this article. And I
know that's not totally true,
but it's probably compared to
what they're used to. It
seems like in order to
push this kind of traffic,
you're going to need to
not just scale up, but
there's going to be probably
a level of parallelism that
you don't usually see outside
of languages. Like Erlang is
F sharp, particularly well handled
for well and well designed
for parallelism F sharp definitely
is because of the functional
nature of it because of
the immutability first it's, it's
very easy to just, you
know, spontaneously parallelize, a lot
of things, you know, if
you're thinking about a, a
standard functional function, which is,
you know, input in a
transformation input out that there's
no state changes there, there's
nothing, you know, no side
effects. There's an ability to
just paralyze a lot of
this. I was talking to
one of the engineers this
morning about spinning up, you
know, a thousand different machines
to be able to rework
our event store in some
way. He's like, you know,
we can, we can redo
this whole thing in 10
minutes for like 20 bucks
on Azure. If we take
a thousand machines and that's,
that's something that's somewhat easy
for us to do because
of the way we architected
everything You have your own
machines. Is there like a
room somewhere full of real
hardware for you to test
on? Are you, do you
just all spin up Azure
when you need it? There
may be some teams that
have their own actual hardware,
as far as I know
it is all virtual and
it's all on Azure, Because
see, that's really interesting to
me forgetting about whether it's
Azure or Amazon, the idea
that startups can be made
now where the it department
either doesn't exist or manages
dev ops in the cloud.
Like, I'm sure your mail
is not running on a
mail server under someone's desk.
It's running, you know, in
Gmail or office three 65.
Right? So for the most
part, other than the developers'
machines, there's not much else
that you would need from
an infrastructure perspective. And that
allows you to be very
agile and change your entire
architecture whenever you feel Very
much. Yes. So you're a
month in, are you having
major architectural plans already? Yes
and no. We've been so
happy and so feel so
successful with our current architecture.
Like, for example, just on,
on lunch day, we did
a, you know, a 10
times volume load and architecture
didn't even blink. Like we
had no issues, it was
fine. It was, you know,
perhaps maxing out at, at
where we could have been.
But, you know, that was
a 10 X jump over
where we had been the
day before and not an
issue at all. So we
thought that was awesome enough
that, you know, we, we
have some plans for, you
know, we want to rework
these things over here. We
want to change this bit
over here, but the fundamentals
of our architecture, I think
we all think are pretty
awesome. At this point, I
mentioned that you use microservices
and the microservices are written
in F sharp, traditionally 15,
20 years ago, we talk
about like three tier architecture
and you can scale up
in places and scale out
in places. But when you
do microservices, there's probably, I
would say dozens of tiers
or layers that can be
scaled independently. Is that right?
Yes. But sufficiently right. It
makes it more make it
more correctly. Right? So the
way we think about microservices
is literally to stop and
think about a service as
an application of the, the
single responsibility principle. Like there
should be one and only
one function of this microservice.
Maybe not actually one function
in a programming sense, but
one fun one. Yes, exactly.
And you can scale that
individual service out if you
need to, or you know,
or not. And, you know,
you can see, you can
split a service into two
and create more. It ends
up in my mind, it
sort of looks like maybe
an Erling installation where, you
know, messages are just sort
of all over the place
randomly. Like, like you might
look at a phone network,
not the backend network, but
like point to point cell
phone calls are just, you
know, what that might look
like over the course of,
you know, a state or
a County. And I feel
like that's what a good
microservice installation looks like, which
is shitty to me, but
sorry. Oh, that's okay. I'm
trying to get my head
around this too. And this
is really interesting. Do microservices
require a call on the
network? Like, I think people
tease microservices a lot because
they say, you know, my
in-process calls didn't have enough
latency, so I've switched to
a microservices architecture and they
always say, well, like, you
know, you've got all the
benefits of just making a
function call except with all
of the overhead of HTTP.
But do you, do you
call these over HTTP, like
little restful microservices? Or are
they doing over your pubsub
or over your venting Backbone?
Yes. The second one we
are doing, basically almost everything
is event driven. So we
are the microservices less call
each other, then we'll call
into event store or right
to event store. It's like,
are people listening on cues
and listening for events and
then jumping on them as
opposed to being called and
an RPC? Yes, exactly. So
where, you know, microservice will
listen to a queue and
handle the events from that
queue, or, and when it's
finished, maybe pass that on,
pass that information onto another
service, or maybe there's a
side effect and it writes
down to our SQL server,
or, you know, maybe it
will write back directly back
up to events, or maybe
it'll just process something and
write back to event store.
And all of this can
be individually scaled because like
you say, you're listening on
a queue, the queue depth
gets too long, make the
worker Exactly. Yeah. If you're
finding that one is insufficient,
you know, suddenly you can
have 10 for the next
20 minutes, get through everything
and then scale back down.
I feel like I'm going
to need another half an
hour with you to really
get my head around this.
But the last question I
wanted to ask was that
you've got F sharp as
your primary language. You've got
a whole company full of
people doing F sharp. I'm
going to guess in New Jersey,
you're not finding as many
F sharp developers as you
are C sharp developers. So
do you hire C sharp
developers and how do you
get them on board? That
is actually one of the
functions of my job. We
absolutely do hire C sharp
developers, and we are very
much hiring if anyone wants
to send in applications. But
one of the functions of
my job is actually to
provide training as everyone on
boards. So we have a
currently two to three classes.
We have some F sharp
classes I'm working on a
microservice class right now, just
to make sure that everyone
is, is up to speed
with how jet handles these
things. That's cool. And where
would is your a career
site? Where would someone go
to talk to jet@thebottomofjet.com? There
is a, a link to
working with us. These links
are also on the blog,
which is tech group.jet.com. They
should also would also be
welcome to email our recruiter,
who is Aimee a I
M e@jet.com. Very cool. Well,
thanks so much for talking
with me today and for
putting up with my silly
questions, cause I'm still learning
the space myself. Not at
all. This is a ton
of fun. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes,
and we'll see you again
next week.